DBZ-3317 Rework numeric data types section of Oracle connector doc. (#3366)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

[[oracle-data-type-mappings]]
== Data type mappings

When the {prodname} {connector-name} connector detects a change in the value of a table row, it emits a change event that represents the change.
Each change event record is structured in the same way as the original table, with the event record containing a field for each column value.
The data type of a table column determines how the connector represents the column's values in change event fields, as shown in the tables in the following sections.

For each column in a table, {prodname} maps the source data type to a _literal type_ and, and in some cases, a _semantic type_, in the corresponding event field.

Literal types:: Describe how the value is literally represented, using one of the following Kafka Connect schema types: `INT8`, `INT16`, `INT32`, `INT64`, `FLOAT32`, `FLOAT64`, `BOOLEAN`, `STRING`, `BYTES`, `ARRAY`, `MAP`, and `STRUCT`.

Semantic types:: Describe how the Kafka Connect schema captures the _meaning_ of the field, by using the name of the Kafka Connect schema for the field.

> For some Oracle binary large object (BLOB) and numeric data types, you can manipulate the way that the connector performs the type mapping by changing default configuration property settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some Oracle large object (CLOB, NCLOB, and BLOB) and numeric data types, you can manipulate the way that the connector performs the type mapping by changing default configuration property settings.
```
It's important to note that large object data types can be either binary or character-based and the character based can either be single-byte (CLOB) or multi-byte (NCLOB) formats.  So feel free to adjust how we convey that in the above sentence but I don't think the usage of "Oracle binary large object" conveys all the right bits as it implies exclusion to the character-based flavors.
